Welcome everyone to your challenge task for case so for this challenge task we want to know and compare
the various amounts of films we have per moving rating.
So we want you to use case and the DVD rental database to recreate the following table.
So this is showing me a count of the different ratings I have particularly for just three rating types
that has an R rating a P G rating and a PG 13 rating.
So go ahead and use the case syntax in order to recreate this table.
So coming up are some hints so the hint is to just really review our case expression example that used
some in the previous lecture because is quite similar to that it's just doing it for this table right
here.
OK.
So now let's go ahead and jump the P.G. admin to walk through the solution.
All right.
Here I am in P.G. admin what I'm going to do is just to show what we actually have to work with here.
If we select everything from the film table the column that I'm interested in is the rating column and
so I'm just actually it's an RPG 13 and P.G. so we can say select and let's start setting up or first
some.
So the first sum is going to be the case and there's different ways you can do this.
We'll go ahead and do a case expression since we're just comparing the rating column to a bunch of separate
values.
So we'll say.
Case rating.
When are then 1 else 0 end.
OK.
So we're going to take the sum of that and we're going to select this as Let's go ahead and just like
this as the R column.
Now let's run this and make sure this works so far for the R rating.
OK.
So it looks like that counted one hundred ninety five instances of an R rating because I'm putting a
one whenever there's an R.
Now what I can do is simply copy and paste this two more times.
So put a comma here to insert what is essentially in your column and this one is that of R is going
to say P G and let's have that as P G and I will only run this notice I've added and P G it's put a
comma here paste this in one more time and then we'll do it for P G thirteen and we'll label that as
the column PG 13.
So when I finally run this I get to see R P G M Ps you 13 so again all I'm doing here is I'm saying
case reading when it happens to be equal to the string then a one else zero.
And then I sum the results of that column.
So a bunch of ones and zeros to get the final count of P G thirteen.
All right.
Thanks and we'll see you at the next lecture.